NFR1 (Operational): The product shall interface with the Choice Parts System.  This provides the feed of recycled parts data.

NFR2 (Usability): Users shall feel satisfied using the product.  85% of all users will be satisfied with the product.

NFR3 (Security): Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports. No users without an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits.

FR1: The user shall search for the preferred repair facility using vehicle location and radius in miles.

FR2: The vehicle location shall include street address  city  state  and zip-code.

FR3: The search radius shall be between 1 and 30 miles.

FR4: The system shall locate the preferred repair facility with the highest ratings for the input criteria.

FR5: The adjuster shall enter the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.

FR6: The adjuster shall be able to override the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.

FR7: The preferred repair facility shall be returned to the user.

FR8: The system shall return a list of repair facilities within the radius if the preferred repair facility cannot be determined.

FR9: The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using damaged vehicle parts information.

FR10: The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using a list of preferred parts suppliers.

FR11: The system shall search for available recycled parts for the supplied vehicle parts and suppliers.

FR12: The estimator shall search by zipcode with a radius of 30 miles if no parts are found for the preferred parts suppliers.

FR13: The system shall retain the available recycled parts and suppliers returned from the search.

FR14: The available recycled parts information and their suppliers shall be returned to the user.

FR15: The estimator shall apply selected recycled parts to the collision estimate.

FR16: The estimator shall not apply recycled parts to the collision estimate if no available parts are returned.

FR17: The adjuster shall review the collision estimate.

FR18: The adjuster shall request a recycled parts audit of the collision estimate.

FR19: The audit report shall include the total number of recycled parts used in the estimate.

FR20: The audit report shall include the number of available recycled parts from the original search results.

FR21: The audit report shall include the percentage of available recycled parts used in the estimate.

FR22: The audit report shall include the total score of the audit which sums the individual line items.

FR23: The audit report shall be displayed to the user.

FR24: The audit report shall be available to other adjusters at later points in time.

FR25: The user shall select to view the preferred repair facility ratings.

FR26: The system will display a blank set of ratings if there are not ratings yet defined.

FR27: The user shall enter new ratings based on the audit report.

FR28: The ratings shall be from a scale of 1-10.

FR29: The user shall select to save the preferred repair facility ratings.

FR30: The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved by the system.